what would you do what would any of you
be willing to do would you breathe the
weird and haunted shores at World's End
to fetch back witty Jack didn't no one
come to save me just because they missed
me there was a time but a pyro is free
to make his own way in the world but our
time is coming to an end why should I
sale of any of you hora we have tried to
kill me in the part one of you succeeded
our enemies in united's and vow to
destroy us if the fight and all of you
who've done the pirate Lords from the
four corners of the earth welcome to
Singapore must stand together there's
not many guys burn like this in our
lifetime yo yo the more money
I would never have worked out between us
keep telling yourself that darling
they know they face extinction
all that remains is where they make
their final step
will you marry me
you're mad if I wasn't this is probably
never worked